[S_C1_00]

Bart	Sleeping	Zzzzz...
Theia	Curious		...
Theia	Curious 	*poke*
Bart	Waking	Mmn...
Theia	Mischievous	*kick*
Bart	Surprised	OW!
Bart	Confused	Huh? Wha? Who?
Theia	Smiling	Sorry, did I wake you?
Bart	Ticked	What? No, of course not. I always wake up yelling in pain, best way to start the day!
Theia	Disgusted	Oh no, you're not one of those masochist types, are you? Suddenly I feel like I need a shower.
Theia	Neutral	Also, it's already after noon, if you're just now starting your day, then I guess you're masochistic AND lazy.
Bart	Surprised	Hey! I resent being called lazy!
Bart	Boasting	I just like my afternoon naps is all.
Theia	Mortified	(He didn't deny being called a masochist!!)
Bart	Upset	Anyways, who ARE you? Did you just come here to harass me?
Theia	Neutral	Pretty much, actually. My name's Theia. I normally train out here by the pond, but today you're in my spot, Mr. Suspicious Masochist.
Bart	Lethargic	As much as I love cute nicknames, I'd prefer it if you called me Bart. Am I really that suspicious looking?
Theia	Mortified	(He ignored it again!)
Theia	Neutral	Well you don't seem dangerous. At least not in a literal sense of the word.
Theia	Neutral	You're not wearing a uniform though, and I haven't seen you around the school before. Are you new here?
Bart	Smiling	Yep!
Bart	Neutral	Well, I WILL be, at least. When I showed up, they let me in as an applicant, then told me it's up to me to get my hands on a admission certificate.
Theia	Neutral	I see, so you've just started the application process. Have you asked around to find out the criteria for admission?
Bart	Smiling	Nope!
Theia	Irritated	Then why are you just lazing around like this?!
Bart	Neutral	Well they never said there was any kind of deadline, and I'm in no hurry. I figured if I just hung around for a bit, everything would eventually work out.
Theia	Irritated	"Everything would work out"? That zenlike attitude of yours kind of pisses me off.
Bart	Boasting	"The Zen Master knows that inaction is just as precious as action!"
Theia	Irritated	(Some Zen Master... this guy's definitely just lazy)
Bart	Neutral	You know I can hear you when you talk to yourself like that, right?
Theia	Irritated	(And masochistic. A lazy suspicious masochist)
Bart	Neutral	Even I have feelings, you know!
Theia	Sighing	*sigh* As much as I want to leave you alone out of spite, I remember how hard the entrance process was to me, so I'll give you a clue.
Bart	Dazzled	You will?? Thank you so much!
Theia	Neutral	There are eight different criteria by which the university judges its applicants. If you can prove yourself in any of those eight criteria, you'll be admitted.
Bart	Neutral	Eight different ways to be admitted? Sounds like a cinch. What are the different criteria?
Theia	Neutral Combat, Economics, Diplomacy, Subterfuge, Strategy, Ancient History, Chivalry, and Physiology
Bart	Neutral	Whoa, and what do I have to do for each?
Theia	Neutral Nobody knows all eight criteria except the professors who oversee admission, and they're super tight lipped about them. I only know of two.
Theia	Boasting	The first is how I got admitted, trial by combat! Basically, you have to challenge any of the students to a duel and win!
Bart	Neutral (hmm...)
Theia	Neutral	The second is diplomacy. If you can have a student or professor at the academy vouch for you, you'll be admitted on the spot.
Bart	:3	So...
Theia	Neutral	Before you ask, no. I won't put my credibility on the line for some applicant I just met. 
Bart	Sighing Fair enough.
Theia	Neutral	Now if you'll excuse me, unless you want to challenge me to a battle, I need to start training.

[S_C1_01]

Theia	Neutral	What's up?
Bart	>
S_C1_01.A	Let's have that duel!
S_C1_01.B	How's about a practice match?
S_C1_01.C	I just wanted to chat...
S_C1_01.D	I had a question...

[S_C1_01.A]

Bart	Enthusiastic	Let's have that duel!
Theia	Neutral	Are you sure? I'm not giving you any rematches if you lose.
Bart	>